note on stage3 decorators (#2850)
microsoft/TypeScript-Website: packages/documentation/copy/en/reference/Decorators.md

translatable: true
---

<blockquote class='bg-reading'>  
  
  <p>

>     This documents refer to an experimental stage 2 decorators implementation. Stage 3 decorator support is available since Typescript 5.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This document refers to an experimental stage 2 decorators implementation. Stage 3 decorator support is available since Typescript 5.0.<br>
```

    See: <a href='https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-5-0/#decorators'>Decorators in Typescript 5</a>
  </p>
</blockquote>

## Introduction

<blockquote class='bg-reading'>  
  <p>Further Reading (stage 2):<br /><a href='https://saul-mirone.github.io/a-complete-guide-to-typescript-decorator/'>A Complete Guide to TypeScript Decorators</a></p>
</blockquote>

> With the introduction of Classes in TypeScript and ES6, there now exist certain scenarios that require additional features to support annotating or modifying classes and class members.

Reviewer: I can't put a comment there, but there's a line below that mentions "stage 2 proposal", can you just remove this line?

Author: done

translatable: true
---

> <blockquote>  

Reviewer: Does this need to be `<blockquote>`? Can it just be `>` like all of the other ones?

Note that this one:

![image](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript-Website/assets/5341706/d88250b9-3836-4039-8798-9d2bd9c654bd)

looks "off" compared to the others in the page:

![image](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript-Website/assets/5341706/a7554e80-4f59-4fd3-a01b-3394cf27779b)

Author: the difference in 'NOTE' spacing was there in the original, in any case, normalizing this.
